=head1 SYNOPSIS

iCPAN is the CPAN on your iPhone/iPod/iPad. For a full description of what
iCPAN is, please see the iCPAN app store page:
L<http://itunes.apple.com/app/icpan/id377340561?mt=8>

=head1 GETTING STARTED

=head2 INSTALL THE SDK

To edit the code and/or deploy to your iDevice, you'll first need to install
the iPhone SDK: L<http://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action>

=head2 GET THE CODE

You can either clone the main repository:

    git clone git@github.com:oalders/iCPAN.git

Or, you can fork this on GitHub and then clone your own fork of the repo.  This
would be the recommended way of doing things:

    git clone git@github.com:yournamehere/iCPAN.git
    
=head2 GET THE DATABASE

You can find the database snapshots at:
L<http://icpan.wundercounter.com/sqlite> The folders are organized by version
number. Download the iCPAN.sqlite.zip file in the appropriate folder, unzip it
and copy it into your top iCPAN folder. For example, to download the code for
the very latest version of the code:

    cd iCPAN
    curl -C - -O http://icpan.wundercounter.com/sqlite/latest/iCPAN.sqlite.zip
    unzip iCPAN.sqlite.zip
    
To work with a tagged release, like version 1.0.0:

    cd iCPAN
    git checkout -b v1.0.0 v1.0.0
    curl -C - -O http://icpan.wundercounter.com/sqlite/1.0.0/iCPAN.sqlite.zip
    unzip iCPAN.sqlite.zip


=head2 BUILD AND RUN

At this point, you can click the Xcode "Build and Run" button to deploy the
app to your iPhone simulator.

=head3 OPTIMIZING BUILD AND RUN FOR SPEED

Because the unzipped database is currently over 450 MB, a simple "build and
run" can be quite slow. This is partially due to the fact that the database
needs to be copied over to the iPhone emulator with each "build and run". You
can speed up this process by using a smaller database. One strategy would be
to drop all modules from the modules table with an id > 1000. This would leave
you with a much smaller database and it speeds up the process considerably.

Just keep the missing modules in mind when choosing which modules to search
for while testing.  Try searching on modules starting with "A" when using this
method.  If you decide to deploy to a device, you'll likely want to use the
full database, so keep a copy of it handy as well.

If you run into problems deploying to the simulator after altering the
database, try resetting it and then building again. "iPhone Simulator" ->
"Reset Content and Settings"


=head1 CONTACT

There is currently no mailing list. If you have any questions, feel free to
send a message via GitHub. You can also follow us on Twitter for updates:

L<http://twitter.com/wundercounter>

L<http://twitter.com/ioncache>
