=head2 SYNOPSIS

The /perl directory is where all the database and document processing takes
place.

=head2 PERL MINIMUM VERSION

Because these scripts use 'Modern::Perl', you'll need at least Perl 5.10 to
run them, which won't be a problem if you are on Snow Leopard.  However, if
your system perl is < 5.10, you can use this script to install a newer, local
Perl L<http://github.com/oalders/wunder-tools/blob/master/perl/install_local_perl.sh>

=head2 RUNNING SCRIPTS

The database connection is made using a relative path, so you'll find your
best success running all scripts from within the /perl directory.

    perl script/load_authors.pl
    perl script/load_ratings.pl
    prove -Ilib -r t
    ...
    
=head2 CPANMINUS

cpanminus is used in the docs and scripts for module installation.
L<http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?App::cpanminus>
    
=head2 MINICPAN

The load_modules script requires the presence of a local minicpan. The
minicpan docs can be found here: L<http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?minicpan>

Here's one way to do it.  Create a file at ~/.minicpanrc

    local: ~/minicpan
    remote: ftp://mirror.csclub.uwaterloo.ca/pub/CPAN/
    exact_mirror: 1
    
If you don't have the CPAN::Mini module installed yet:

    cpanm CPAN::Mini

Then run the following command:

    minicpan
    
This updates/creates a local copy of CPAN at ~/minicpan.  That's it!  You can,
of course, choose your favourite mirror site instead of this , but this will
get you started.


=head2 REQUIRED CPAN MODULES

You can easily install all required CPAN modules with the install/cpan_modules
script.

    sh install/cpan_modules.sh


=head2 PYGMENTS

The load_modules script uses a Python library called "Pygments" to handle
syntax highlighting.

To install pygments on OS X:

    sudo easy_install Pygments

To install pygments on Ubuntu:

    sudo apt-get install python-pygments
    
=head2 SHRINKING YOUR DB

You can drop an arbitrary number of rows in the module table by using the
trim_db.pl script.  For example, to keep only the first 1,000 rows:

    perl script/trim_db.pl 1000
    
Make a backup of your db first!
